this just feels a little extreme Risa
breaking the law on everything I don't
want to go to jail I'm not ready to be a
lesbian yet Maria did you even remember
to apply for college I know things can
get hard for you yeah they do
they're called dips Kelly I cannot
believe these be friends with those
girls they're so dusty looking I want to
go the party river friendship signs and
you know I want to be at that funeral
idiots you're gonna these kids up
tonight Oh God we're just trying figure
out where the party is tonight meets who
I asked him dude you just called me a
boner this party could be anywhere and
nowhere at the same time why don't we
just let these kids have their moment
this is my moment it is the last day of
school you are not any of the sale
inappropriate language offensive
clothing the verdict for both of us
detention what please take that bow no I
will not our rules are a texture and
kill it open the window but they're
painted shut
rumor has it the last counselor left to
her death I love you guys so much
you're my best friends there's one one
way to do this
[Music]
that's the pace in which they're gonna
you in the air in prison right
Jesus take a lot brother it
dip in your butt
it never stops